Once upon a time there was a very wise and pretty queen named Erin who spent most of her time worrying about her rival: the witch Cruella.
Her best shot at besting her bitter enemy was at the upcoming Fairy Queen Ball.
Erin spent a lot of time preparing for the ball: picking the finest dresses and the prettiest shoes for the night.
Her enemy Cruella has the most dreadful weapon: an old dangerous dragon that spits fire.
Cruella brought her Dragon to the Ball ...
There was a lot of screaming and fear between the guests but they couldn't leave! Cruella enchanted the palace so no one can leave.
Erin has no choice but to fight the dragon while Cruella laughed so hard she choked in her wine. The dragon was no common beast:
he was clever and he was assessing her like a praise and an enemy. But she has a big privilege here:
The palace was small for the dragon to move freely so she made her first strike and made him angry enough to try to chase her ...
Cruella was annoyed by this. So she said that she has a riddle for Erin and if she can solve it slaying the dragon would be easier.
Erin didn't trust the witch because after all they are enemies how can she help her.
There is a trick here but she needs to solve the riddle and be careful in order to save everyone.
Cruella said:
"There are those who seek me a lifetime but never we meet,
 and those who I kiss but trample me beneath ungrateful feet.

 At times I seem to favor the clever and the fair,
 but I bless all those who are brave enough to dare.

 For though each of my strikes land a powerful blow,
 when I kill, I do it slow ... "

 
Erin saw fit to seek help with the riddle. Fortunatly, her friend Garry the wizard was there to help her. Gary didn't have a clue about
this so he tried to think as hard as he could to solve while Erin was struggling with the draqgon and Cruella was in a histerical laugh.
Turns out Gary was little help so Erin summoned the most powerfull spell she could think of. The dragon saw every thing comming and just
moved out of her way while her powers hit the wall leaving him safe and untouched.
Her time was almost done and she was desperate so she thought about her family and Gray and every one that she loved before dying...
then it cames to her mind : she knows the solution to this riddle! it is very obvious!
" Love!"
" What ?" Gray said.
" The answer for the riddle is love!" said Erin with vectory.
Cruella was very angry she ordered her Dragon to attack everyone! Erin didn't wait for the chance to go away so she hit the Dragon in his neck while he was not aware and his head rolled in the shinning floor of the palace and everyone cheered while Cruella vanished into thin
air cursing Erin.
Every one was happy and safe and they lived happily ever after.
